UGC ads are everywhere. But, if you've
ever tried to get them made, you know
how difficult and time-consuming it can
be. In this video, I'm going to show you
how to research, generate, and test them
just by chatting with Claude. No
creative tools, no agency, no switching
between apps. The whole workflow runs
inside a single Claude conversation
using two MCP connectors, Meta and
Arcads. Meta's MCP handles the research
and the launch. Arcads MCP generates the
actual UGC assets. Together, they give
you an end-to-end AI ad workflow that
anyone can run. Let me walk you through
exactly how it works. I'll give you
every prompt along the way, because
getting those right is where most people
struggle. First things first, we need to
connect Meta's MCP to Claude. And this
is genuinely about 30 seconds of setup.
And once you've done it, Claude can see
your entire Meta ad account. No more Ads
Manager, no more tab switching. Here's
how. Add a new connector inside Claude
and paste Meta's MCP server URL, which
is going to be put on screen. You can
pause and grab it right now. Grant
access when prompted. That's it. You're
connected. Now, before we generate
anything, we want Claude to do some
research and analyze the current Meta ad
landscape for our product category, in
this case, women's pajamas. Here's the
prompt. Using Meta MCP, pull the top
performing ads in my account from the
last 30 days. Then, search the web for
the highest performing Meta UGC ads for,
in this case, women's pajamas right now.
Identify which creative formats are
getting the highest impressions, which
hooks are generating the highest
engagement rates, which audience
segments are responding best, any
creative patterns showing up repeatedly
in winning ads. Give me a summary I can
use to brief my new creatives before I
launch. Most people launch blind, but
this step means your campaign start with
signals, not guesswork. And your first
test is already informed by what's
converting right now. And this is
actually the step that most people skip
entirely, and it's the reason most
AI-generated ads don't perform. Now, we
take that research and turn it into
scripts. And this is where Arcads MCP
comes in, which is the generative AI
platform for marketing teams. It has
access to all the best AI models in one
easy-to-use platform. So, you've got
VO3.1, Kling Motion Control, Nano
Banana, Sora 2 Pro, and Cedents 2.0.
These top AI tools, but you don't need
to have subscriptions for all of them,
just one Arcade subscription. So, then
what is Arcade's MCP? MCP stands for
Model Context Protocol. It's an open
standard that lets Claude connect
directly to external tools and services.
So, instead of switching between apps,
Claude can control them through
conversation. Arcade's MCP is Arcade's
implementation of this. It gives Claude
access to the Actors Library, Video
Model, and Generation Tool inside
Arcade, all from a single chat window.
Pretty neat stuff. This means you save
time when most creators are tool
switching, briefing in one tab,
prompting in another, generating in a
third, and downloading, uploading, etc.,
etc. Arcade cuts all of this movement,
and Claude manages it all for you. Now,
how do we connect it? Easy. Open Claude,
go to Settings, Connectors, or the MCP
section, depending on your version.
Click Add Connector or Add Custom MCP
and paste this URL. You can pause the
video, it'll be on screen. Sign in with
your Arcade account, and that's it.
Claude now has full access to your
Arcade Studio. How fast was that? So,
let's hand Arcade the research and let
it do the work. Here's the prompt. You
are a senior performance marketer and
UGC ad script writer. In this case, my
product is women's pajamas. What it
does, stylish and comfortable pajamas
that keeps up with current trends and
fits better than other pajama brands.
Target audience, 18-29 year old females
that love comfy, cozy pajamas. Platform,
Meta, TikTok, Instagram Reels. Do the
following. One, identify the top three
pain points this product solves. Two,
write five UGC ad scripts, one per pain
point angle. Each script 18-20 seconds,
natural spoken language, cold audience.
Structure, hook 0-3 seconds, problem 3-8
seconds, solution 8-15 seconds, proof
15-18 seconds, CTA 18-20 seconds. Three,
score each script out of 10, only keep
scripts scoring 9.5 or above. Four,
suggest the ideal actor type for each
script, age, gender, setting, emotion.
So, Claude will output your scripts and
actor descriptions in minutes. These go
directly into your Arcad's MCP commands,
copy, paste, and run. Now, let's build
the ads. Type one prompt per actor into
Claude like this. Using Nano Banana Pro,
generate an image of a woman in her
mid-20s, long brown hair, wearing the
product in the attached reference image,
bedroom background. Keep the product
exactly as shown, no changes. So, make
sure you attach the product reference
image each time, and then repeat this
for all five actors. And here we can see
them being generated at the same time,
which really impressive. Now, it's very
important to approve each image before
we turn them into videos. You want to
review each generated actor image in
Claude, and if anything is off like, you
know, the pajamas look weird, I'm then
going to write a simple prompt to fix
what's wrong. It's much cheaper and
faster to do it that way and fix it now
as opposed to after the video's been
generated. And then once all five actor
images are approved, you can generate
the videos. So, you need to type one
prompt per actor, and it'll be like
this. Using the approved image of actor
one, create a 10 to 12-second UGC video
using Seedance 2.0, and of course,
Seedance 2.0 will be used through
Arcad's MCP. She should speak naturally
and say, and this is where you'd insert
Claude's script for this actor that we
did in the previous step.
Handheld feel, vertical format, candid,
and authentic. So, each video will take
three to five minutes. You'll want to
repeat this for all five of your actors.
And then once these are all ready, type,
give me the download links for all five
videos into Claude. Now, let's have a
look at our output.
>> Okay, so spring is finally here, and I
am obsessed with this set. The print,
the fit, everything.
This is genuinely my dream spring
collection.
>> What I want to highlight here isn't just
that these look good, it's what they
represent. So, every one of these ads
was built directly from the research we
ran at the start. The hooks, pain
points, the archetypes, all of it came
from data on what's actually converting
right now. That means when we go to test
these, we're not guessing. We're putting
spend behind creative we already have
good reason to believe will work. And if
something doesn't perform, we can
iterate immediately. Same workflow, but
new script, back in minutes. The speed
and cost of doing this versus briefing
an actor or an agency is incomparable.
Now it's time to launch them and track
them on Meta. This is the step that
takes the workflow from impressive to
complete. You've made the ads inside
Claude, now launch them and track them
without ever leaving Claude. So, let's
go back into settings and then
connectors inside Claude. You've already
connected Meta's MCP, so Claude already
has access to your accounts, campaigns,
ad sets, creatives, etc. No more Ads
Manager required, no more manual
uploads. This certainly would have saved
me a lot of time over last 10 years. And
once your videos are ready, type this
into Claude. Upload these five videos to
my Meta ad account as new creatives, and
then make sure you paste the five
download links that we created earlier.
Claude will then upload all five videos
directly to your media library in Meta.
Then tell Claude exactly what you want
to do. For example, create a new Meta ad
campaign for girl uniform, objective
sales, budget $30 a day. Of course, you
could change that if you wanted to. Run
it for five days starting tomorrow. And
this will get things rolling without you
needing to touch Ads Manager. And then
you need to set your targeting, and you
can use a prompt like target women aged
18 to 29 in the UK interested in fashion
and lifestyle content, wellness and
sustainable products. Use broad
targeting for the first test. So, your
objective there is what you're telling
Claude to optimize for. Like you could
optimize for video views or link clicks,
but often that's going to optimize for
people that are less likely to convert.
It's not going to deliver the outcome
that you really want, which in this case
is going to be to sell more products.
And you don't want to waste budget with
a campaign that is trying to get you
more of what you don't want, especially
if we're only operating with a $30 a day
budget. And then after 5 to 7 days, come
back to Claude and ask, "Which of my
five ads is performing the best? Show me
a breakdown." Claude will then pull the
live data from Meta and give you the
answer in plain English. No
spreadsheets, no pivoting, no logging
into Ads Manager. And this allows you to
implement the final step, which is to
double down on the winner. And once you
know which ad was the best performer,
tell Claude this. Take the top
performing ad and generate five more
variations of it using Arch Ads MCP.
Same actor, different scripts. And this
is how you repeat the loop and you keep
creating winning ads. Use Arch Ads, new
scripts, back to Meta, loop. Every time
it gets smarter. So, why does this
matter? Most people stop at generation.
They make the ad, they download it, they
distribute it manually, and then they'll
spend ages manually setting up the
campaign, tinkering with it. This
process eliminates those pain points,
gives the campaign the time and the
space they need to thrive while still
studying the results. So, it could be
high performing with low effort
required. So, now we've established how
it works and more importantly that it
works well. Let's go over the economics
here. So, as you can see here, the
Claude plus Arch Ads combo can beat a
traditional agency structure. It
certainly does on cost, setup time,
potentially volume of creative. And if
you're a business that's not operating
at a scale where working with an agency
makes sense, this could be a fantastic
way to go. You also don't need to have
the hard skills required. Like this is
going to automate a lot of that process
for you. You can get a lot of volume,
which we know is really important post
Andromeda. So, if you want to try Arch
Ads yourself, click the link in the
video description below.